---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-03T17:52:42.651Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-03T17:52:36.979Z'
title: Stoopid Cap
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-03-980f708d-26ac-4efc-88b6-ac1091353a3b.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 980f708d-26ac-4efc-88b6-ac1091353a3b/index.html
_type: Article

---
# **Stoopid Cap**

_a short story, (c)2015 Geoffrey K. Liu_

****

It hurt when Daddy jammed the cap down around Charlie's ears. The dunce cap, he called it, but Charlie thought of it as the 'stoopid' cap because that's what Daddy had scrawled on it in his childish handwriting. It was nothing more than a plastic funnel that smelled like motor oil. But Charlie wasn't a dunce, and he wasn't too _stoopid _to know Daddy had spelled it wrong, and that Daddy was the dunce, Daddy was _stoopid_.

Daddy stepped back, his hulking form clad in the filthy gray coveralls he always wore at work, and gave him an appraising look.

"My daddy use'ta make me wear one of doze when I was bein' stupid too," Daddy said, his thick Baltimore accent turning the word 'those' into 'doze'. Charlie didn't talk like that, and it made him feel even more different from his greasy wretch of a father.

A thunderous and painful crash suddenly rang through Charlie's head. The plastic funnel hit the wall next to him then clattered to the floor. Stars flashed in his eyes, which began to water immediately. He looked up at Daddy again, and Daddy's little office felt far too small for the two of them, its wood-panelled walls closing in. All of Daddy's various certificates and plaques--all automotive and mechanic things that Charlie didn't quite understand--glistened and sang out to him, taunting him with his father's very existence.

Daddy put his filthy hands on the knees of his coveralls and leaned down to stare Charlie in his eyes. 

"You had that one coming, boy. If I've told ya once, I've told ya a thousand times, you don't touch nothin' in this place. Outside, there's thousands of gallons of gasoline buried under our feet. Inside--" he points to the shop where he had been working, "--at any given time I've got thousands of pounds of steel hangin' over my head. You touch somefin' like you just did, you kill me or you or both of us. You see all doze certificates on the wall?"

Charlie kept his head low and let his eyes slip sideways to the wall. He nodded almost imperceptibly. He'd had this lecture a million times, and was as unimpressed by it now as always. It was only his father's strong hand that impressed him, but even that was fading. A strong hand couldn't stop a thousand pounds of steel.

"Doze certificates mean only I'm allowed to touch stuff 'round here. You hear me?"

Charlie nodded.

"Say it, boy."

"I hear you, Daddy."

"Good. Pick up that dunce cap and put it back on your goddamn head."

Charlie glanced at the floor, saw the funnel just under his feet. _Stoopid_. How dearly he wished he could pick it up and jam it onto Daddy's head until _his _ears hurt, or slap Daddy hard across the face until _his _eyes welled up with tears. But the man was just too big. Maybe one day Charlie would get the chance to crush him down to size. One day.

A jangling bell rang through the building as a car pulled up outside. Daddy straightened up and glanced toward the front of the shop. As he did, Charlie noticed the little bit of blood running from Daddy's ear, and he secretly cheered. He liked it when Daddy got hurt.

"I got a customer," Daddy muttered. "You stay here, boy, and you keep that cap on your head. You're wearin' it for the rest of the day, you got me? And when we get home, I'm whoopin' your ass 'til you learn not to touch stuff that ain't none of your business."

Daddy left Charlie alone in the office. He reached up, touched the cap, and considered throwing it away. Then he thought better of it.

After a few moments, he heard the scuff of a shoe just outside the office from the little convenience store where Daddy sold sodas and cigarettes and candy bars. A head covered with white hair and a thick moustache peered around the door.

"Hi, Sheriff Fisher," Charlie said brightly. Sheriff Fisher had always been nice to him, had taken him on several visits to the police station to see all the cool cop equipment.

"Charlie?" Sheriff Fisher said, slowly coming through the door. Charlie noticed he had his gun drawn, but pointed downward with his finger resting on the trigger guard. "You alright here, buddy?"

"Yes sir."

"Where's your dad?"

"He was just here."

Sheriff Fisher stepped into the office, his air of alarm and caution less intense. Still, he looked at Charlie with an expression of concern.

"Charlie, Ms. Daniels from across the street said she heard screaming coming from here. Are you and your daddy okay?"

"Well, yes sir, I--"

A young officer stepped into the office from the shop entrance. He looked like he might be sick.

"Sheriff..." the young officer began, then he swallowed hard. "You need to see this."

The sheriff followed the young officer into the shop, and Charlie followed behind them. Sheriff Fisher drew in a sharp breath.

The lift was still in the air, but one of the posts had collapsed, sending the white pickup truck it had been holding to the cement floor. There was a splatter of red up one side. Beneath that was a twisted bundle of gray material soaked in dark liquid. Part of Daddy's face peered out from this bundle, his eye squeezed partway out of its socket. That eye seemed to gaze accusingly at Charlie.

Charlie remembered loosening some bolts at some point, but not much else. He reached up and pulled the dunce cap, the _stoopid _cap, from his head and threw it to the ground. It rolled to the feet of the hulking gray figure standing just behind him, the word 'stoopid' clearly visible scrawled on the plastic cone, just as Daddy had written it.

****