---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-07T19:28:40.684Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-07T19:28:33.512Z'
title: Pianissimo
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-03-24bc065b-830b-443e-9b2b-d5d1ceeb8e38.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 24bc065b-830b-443e-9b2b-d5d1ceeb8e38/index.html
_type: Article

---
# **Pianissimo**

_a short story, (c)2015 Geoffrey K. Liu_

Their first kiss had been soft and warm, and she had smelled faintly of the pine rosin she used on her violin strings. That kiss had gone on too long and had felt too good. When it ended, she looked at him, her eyes pleading. They had to stop; he knew it too. 

"Continue at measure eight," she said, her voice wavering slightly. "And this time, a little more 

_pianissimo_

, please."

He wanted to laugh at her instruction, but he thought his laughter might embarrass her and ruin what had just happened. 

_Pianissimo_

: very soft, quiet. Yet he knew as soon as he started to draw his bow across the strings that dog of hers would start barking from somewhere within her almost empty, overlarge house. That dog wasn't 

_pianissimo_

; it was 

_forte_

. She never even acknowledged it, yet it seemed to him that the mutt was likely ruining 

all 

of her lessons, not just his.

No, that wasn't right. His lessons could never be ruined because they were with her. He got to see the way the light pouring into the conservatory played with the delicate red hues of her hair, the same color as her own violin, the same color as her eyes. 

"Please," she said as she turned away from him. "Stop looking at me that way."

"I'm sorry." Instead, he began to play, 

_pianissimo _

as she had instructed, and Forte the dog began to bark.

\*   \*   \*

The 'For Sale' sign had been outside the front gate of her massive estate since the first day he had come for his lessons. Sure enough, when she had first invited him inside, the place had been nearly empty, except for her music conservatory, an immense room with floor-to-ceiling windows and gorgeous deep-red hardwood floors. Even this massive room housed only a grand piano, her violin, two music stands, and a bookshelf filled with sheet music. Somewhere in the haze of their new student and teacher awkwardness, he had asked her, "Are you moving?"

"No."

Her one-word answer told him the subject was closed, though he was fascinated as to why this woman---this 

girl

, really, as she could not have been much more than college age---was alone in a house of this size. She closed the subject entirely by raising her violin and bow.

"Let's begin with our scales," she said. "And start off 

_pianissimo_

, if you please."

They started 

_pianissimo_

, something difficult to do well on a violin without sounding like a dying mouse. And he did it in spite of his---until now---only above-average skills. He did it for her. She was 

_pianissimo_

. She was quiet. She was very soft. As they played together that first time, she brought out of him some deep passion for the instrument he had never quite achieved with any other teacher. 

Her dog began to bark and yap in another room. It was distracting, but she did not seem to notice. Her eyes were closed and her bow drew gracefully against the strings of her instrument. He followed her, trying his best to mimic her grace, trying to draw from his own instrument the silky loveliness that sang from hers. As his fingers danced across the strings, his eyes danced across her pale, smooth skin, which glowed in the dim light of that morning.

Then he closed his eyes, and together they were 

_pianissimo_

.

\*   \*   \*

As his lessons continued on, his heart was never 

_pianissimo _

around her, and he worried that sometime she might hear it, gaze at him with those lustrous brown eyes of hers, and say, "More 

_pianissimo_

, please. Your love for me is too 

_forte _

and unwanted." Or that his heartbeat might cause her dog to start barking and she would ignore it as she always did. She would ignore him.

It was some time before he realized he never saw her dog, and he thought that she must have been keeping it closed in a room somewhere. Sometimes he heard it outside as well, but he always heard it, and it wasn't long before he had named the dog Forte in his mind.

"I like dogs," he told her once. "You can let him out."

"I can't do that," she answered, and that was all. 

\*   \*   \*

She never said much. It was one of the things he grew to love about her. She was expressive with her body, her strings, her music. Her words only became impassioned when they were the words of music spoken in the heat of performance. He found his ability, after many lessons with her, soaring to heights he had never imagined. In the middle of a particularly rousing performance of a Bach sonata, she had stood beside him, conducting his solo as if conducting an entire symphony, and shouting, "

_Forte!_

_Forte!_

" during one of the peaks of the piece when, yes, he truly needed to be 

_forte_

. And Forte himself had been barking incessantly as if calling for the performance to be loud, 

_loud_

, 

_louder_

! 

When his last note rang out, they had laughed as Forte called out his approval---or disdain. She had been flushed with excitement; he wanted to believe it was excitement over the marked improvement of her student. It didn't matter; she was beautiful, inspiring, endlessly young, and full of life.

She had thrown her arms around him, stood on her toes, and kissed him. He had pulled her close and had eagerly taken what she gave him. He returned her kiss because he was not too young to know she wanted his kiss, and because he had fallen in love with her.

She had pulled away after a moment, eyes wide with surprise, hand pressed gently to her lips as if to stop them.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Don't be. I'm old enough." He didn't know what that meant, or what he had implied by it. Regardless, she stepped away from him.

"It's not that. Our lesson is over. I'll see you again next week. Please practice your minor scales, and prepare the Vivaldi."

Then she had slipped from the room, her bare feet making only a whisper against the hardwood floor. He hadn't noticed her feet were bare, but after that day, he began to notice they were always bare.

\*   \*   \*

Their kisses were rare and secret, and perhaps that was what made them so exquisite. He yearned for them every moment, and his yearning distracted him. His playing suffered. One lesson, she stopped him in the middle of his butchering what should have been a beautiful Beethoven passage.

"I can feel your eyes on me all the time," she said.

"I'm sorry. I don't mean to make you feel uncomfortable."

She looked away from him, a hand moving to her neck, her slender fingers stroking the flesh there that had turned a shade of rose.

"I don't," she said. "It makes me feel... wonderful. But we can't go on like this. Your beautiful talent will die because of me."

"My talent only exists because of you."

He kissed her then. This kiss was different. It wasn't secret and it wasn't rare. But it was soft, so soft. 

_Pianissimo_

. The love they made afterwards was that as well. She was like silk against his skin. They caressed each other like the strings of their violins, and together they performed the loveliest duet.

\*   \*   \*

The next time he saw her, she had changed. The glow had left her just a bit, and her eyes were ringed with shadows. Some of the life had gone from her, but why? Because of him? He could barely stand the thought.

"We shouldn't see each other anymore," she told him.

"Why?"

"I'm your teacher. What I've done is so wrong."

She looked away from him, her hand pressed to her belly for just a moment as if trying to hold back some ache. He hardly noticed over the pain rising in his own belly.

"You're talented and beautiful," she said, tears welling in her eyes, "and my love will only stifle you."

He took her pale hand in his own. "How can it stifle me when I love you too?"

"You'll be stuck here with me forever," she said, pulling her hand away.

"That's all I want."

She had never looked more beautiful than she did in that moment, eyes brown and clear, face exhausted and heartbroken.

"I love you," she said. "You should go and never come back." She left the room with a sigh.

He didn't know how long he stayed in the conservatory, walking a slow circle, his fingers brushing her piano, then her violin. He stopped at the window, but the scene outside was blurry and unformed. Everything outside of his thoughts of her felt blurry and unformed.

Outside he heard Forte bark once, twice, then begin his own canine sonata. 

He thought of her crying out '

_Forte!_

_Forte!_

'

during his finest performance, and then kissing him afterwards, and it made his heart cry out for her.  

He walked out of the conservatory and through the empty house. He took the grand staircase two steps at a time, then slipped down the hall to the large double doors of her bedroom. He threw these open and they hit the wall with a very 

_forte _

bang. He strode through her room and threw open the bathroom door as well. He cried out.

She was in a bathtub full of dark red liquid. The cuts---lengthwise along her forearms---trailed crimson rivers down the sides of the porcelain and pooled on the floor. He cried out for her, over and over, even as he went to her, wrapped his arms around her cold body, and pulled her from the tub. There was nothing he could do.

He held her and rocked her for a long time before his head began to grow light and faint. The deep red pools of blood around him were growing larger. His own arms tingled, and he looked down to see that they, too, were cut. He hadn't noticed the razorblade in his fingers. He didn't even know where he had gotten it or when he had started cutting, but he was at peace with it.

From somewhere outside, the dog barked wildly.

He dropped the blade, let the body of his love slide to the floor. He stood and walked out of the bathroom, ignoring the trails of blood that poured from his wounds. Poor little Forte. What would happen to him now that his mistress was gone? He went to the window in her bedroom that overlooked the estate.

There was a white box truck in the driveway. A disheveled man quickly shoved a cardboard box into the back and slid the door down with a bang. Beside him, a scruffy, yellow mutt was staring up at the window, at 

him

, and barking. The man looked down at the dog, glanced back over his shoulder, and then quickly snatched up the dog and climbed into the cab of the truck. It started with a rumble, then sped down the driveway, out the front gate, and past the 'For Sale' sign that was always there.

Always.

"They always hear our music," came her voice from behind him. He turned to her. She was whole again. Alive. "They always hear your cries for me."

His own arms no longer bore the marks of his fatal incisions. He put them around her, and she rested her head against his chest. She was warm.

"You didn't have to stay," she said. "You never had to stay."

"I did. I never had any choice."

"You did have a choice. And that's why I'll keep falling in love with you forever."

He looked around at their empty house. Their forever home. The one they lived in, the one they died in. His memories, 

their 

memories, wonderful and terrible, flooded back to him.

"What now?" he asked.

"Now we start again, my love. This time a little more 

_pianissimo_."

null

****