---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'Short Story, '
datePublished: '2015-12-03T16:38:52.867Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-03T16:38:40.051Z'
title: Home Invasion
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-27-d24042ec-0444-4c5f-a3ec-9d2dd3047d5a.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: d24042ec-0444-4c5f-a3ec-9d2dd3047d5a/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Home Invasion**

_a short story, (c)2015, Geoffrey K. Liu_

****

"_Please repeat the command, sir._"

Franklin could feel his fists tighten, but he didn't clench; he never clenched, clenching was unseemly. "Zone 5," he said, hearing the edge in his voice, "quadrant seven. Electrical suppression, _please_." He glanced back at the display for zone 5, and for a moment he was certain he saw movement again. 

"_Command not available, sir, please try again,_" the system replied with its usual maddening aplomb.

"Bloody ... _hell_."

"_Command not recognized, sir, please try again._"

Franklin sat back from the console and gathered himself. A second glance at the zone 5 display told him all was quiet for now, although he did not think it would remain quiet for long. Things were going wrong; he had been here far too long to deny it, but he had also been here long enough to keep his composure about it.

"Customer support, please," he said.

"_One moment._"

Franklin picked up his cup of tea, a rather lovely Assam smoked oolong, and took a sip. It reminded him briefly of home, yet at this point, he could only barely remember home at all. Still, he thought he would kill for a proper full English with a nice helping of bubble and squeak rather than the greasy sludge the chefs served here in the mornings.

A screen before him flickered to life with the fuzzy image of a corpulent woman in a yellow polo shirt, a headset with a microphone gripping her overlarge blonde head.

"Can I help you, sir?" the woman said with a wide smile and a slow drawl. Her accent was from the American south, he was quite sure, and he immediately wanted to ask for someone else.

"Yes, good day," Franklin answered. "I appear to be having some trouble with my electrical suppressors in zone 5."

"A'ight, I think I can help with that. Can I have your designation and location?"

"Certainly. Designation: Franklin, Peter D., majordomo. Location: Outpost Bravo, Quadrant Atlanta."

"Aww, ain't that a peach, honey, I grew up in Atlanta!" 

"That's lovely, dear."

Franklin had another sip of his tea as the woman typed at her console, her chubby sausage fingers working with surprising agility as they alternated between the keys and the touch screen. He had no interest in engaging her in further conversation. 

"How's it up there in the heavens?" the woman asked as she continued to work, and Franklin's heart dropped. "Hear y'all might have some problems?"

"Nothing we cannot handle, miss."

Her eyes darted to her screen, momentarily catching his. "Is it true," she whispered at a conspiratorial level, "y'all are under attack up there?"

Franklin drew in a deep breath. "We've had some ... _unpleasant _contact with the indigenous biological population. Nothing to fear, assuming we can get our suppression system working in an efficient and timely manner."

"Well, honeybear, that's what I'm here for, ain't it?" the woman gabbled with her smile.

_Honeybear_, Franklin thought, _yuck_. He tried to distract himself from this woman's prattle by checking the other zones on his display, working from the outside in as he always did. The outer perimeter of the estate seemed quiet, nothing but dreary red sand and rock in every direction, although there was no certainty in that. The worst threats came from beneath.

The inner perimeter seemed quiet now too, although that zone 5 blip still weighed heavily on his mind. Zone 5 represented an area just outside the boy's living pod, and that set off every one of Franklin's alarms. If there was one rule he lived by, however, it was never alarm the household until the household needed to be alarmed. His other rule was to never appear alarmed even when you were.

"A'ight, sugar," the woman said, "I've got your system up here in front of me, and sure as my name's Pammie, there's a red light in zone 5."

"I see, uh, _Pammie_. And what, pray tell, might we be able to do about that red light in zone 5?"

"Well, lemme take a gander, see if I can get this figured out without having to bring in a technician. We've got a three hour waiting period right now on technicians. Turns out, you're not the only folks up there in a pickle right now."

Franklin felt a tingle of panic run up his spine. "A _pickle_, Pammie? Exactly what sort of _pickle_?"

"Well now," she said, glancing around her as if in fear of someone overhearing, "looks like we've got several alarms got tripped all at once in several quadrants. We've lost contact with some of the systems, as well as some of the other trustees like you."

Franklin's teeth gritted at the term. "I am the head manservant, dear."

Pammie looked at him. "Sure. Whatever. Anyway, it's been all aflutter here for the past hour or so. We're a little worried y'all might be in some kind of trouble, what with the recent discoveries of those ... _things_."

Franklin's throat turned dry, and he damped it with another sip of tea. The oolong was his one luxury in this red hell so far away from home. They were all entitled to one in order to drive away the meanness that so often came with such severe homesickness.

"Can you get my suppressors working, Pammie?"

"Well, I sure can try!" The smile was plastered to the cow's face and he hated it. She was down there, _at __home_, and what was she likely doing with her time when she wasn't at work? Sitting on her sofa, eating snack foods, growing fat on top of fat. She was living a life of slovenly luxury while so many of them were here, just surviving.

"Oh my," Pammie said, "this is not good."

"What is not good?"

"I'm getting tripped sensors all across your systems and all of your suppressors have failed, not just zone 5\. Do you see anything on your monitors?"

Franklin looked at his monitors, tapped his finger on the control board to cycle through the zones again. A flash of white in zone 6 caught his eye and he paused. Then he sighed and rolled his eyes. Some incredible wit had planted a sign on the outer perimeter that said '_Yanks go home!_' next to a black silhouette of a scorpion with its claws raised, tail curled into striking position. Any other time it might have been funny, or at least mildly amusing. Right this moment, Franklin was not amused.

He clicked through each camera position, stopped for a few moments on each, saw nothing until he came back to zone 5\. This was the zone that had given him cause for alarm, and now he studied it closely. 

"You see anyth--"

"Hush, dear," Franklin interrupted. He barely heard the words from his mouth as he detected the slightest movement on the camera. It was only a small patch of dirt, possibly only a few inches in diameter, that rose slowly and then lowered. The movement would have been undetectable if he hadn't been looking for it, but now he knew they were out there.

"You say I have multiple tripped sensors," Franklin said, his voice a little weak. "Why am I not seeing them?"

Pammie checked her display again, pushed a few keys, then shook her over-ripe, yellow head. "Sorry, hon, looks like there's been a complete system failure. I--I don't know if I can help. I can try to get a technician, tell 'em it's an emergency, but...."

"No need, my dear."

"I'm awful sorr--"

Franklin disconnected before she could finish; he certainly did not want to spend any longer listening to the hollow sentiments of a chubby bint such as Pammie, who would get to go home when her shift ended. Franklin's shift never ended, would never end, and he was perfectly fine with that. He had served with distinction and dignity in this place for nearly twenty years, and would do so until his last moments. If things were going as he now believed, those last moments were coming soon.

"Peter?" a soft voice said behind him. He turned to find the boy standing in the door, and while it was quite improper for the boy to be out of bed at this hour, Franklin was relieved.

"I know," Franklin said, "that you of all people know better than to be out of bed." Franklin's voice sounded strengthless in his own ears, and he hated for the boy to hear it.

"I couldn't sleep ... all the scratching outside my pod. Can I come sit with you for a while?"

_You can, in fact, come sit with me for the rest of your life, my young friend_. Franklin didn't say it. He would never let on to the boy how much trouble they were in. The boy would know soon enough, and how would Franklin comfort him? He didn't know. For all of his years of service, Franklin had never been very good with children. A child had been the very reason he was here in the first place. Yet this one was special to him; he couldn't exactly say why, but it hurt his heart to think he might not see him anymore.

"Do your dad and mum know you're out of your pod?"

The boy giggled. "_Mum_. I like the way you talk, Peter." He came in and took a seat at the console. Franklin reached over and switched off the monitors. There wouldn't be much more to see, not tonight. Maybe not ever.

"Speak," Franklin said. "I like the way you _speak_. I'll teach you to speak like a gentleman yet."

The boy smiled at him for a moment, then his face dropped. It was such an adult expression, and the boy was only six. There was something else that hurt his heart: how little of his childhood the boy had gotten to enjoy, trapped up here in this hellhole.

"They'll get in, won't they, Peter?"

Franklin glanced back at the now dark screens. All the screens, fiber optics, communications grids, and yet they were still 35 million miles from any help, and any hope. Suppressors that could be taken down by, essentially, the rambling of bugs.

"They will, I'm afraid," Franklin answered. "Although, we'll die of oxygen deprivation long before the bugs get to us. I can't imagine one is better than the other, but I'm quite certain I'd rather be dead before those rotten buggers eat my carcass."

This elicited a small smile from the boy, and Franklin was glad. The boy asked, "What was earth like?" 

It was a question that the boy had asked probably hundreds of times before, and Franklin had not hesitated to answer a hundred times. If anything, he loved--

_scratch _... _scratch_....

Their heads turned in unison to the pod wall. Franklin saw his face reflected in one of the screens there, and was relieved to see it was business as usual. _Never show you are panicking even if you are_.

"I miss TeaSmith on Lamb Street," Franklin said. His fingers grazed the smooth outside of his tea cup, and the boy's eyes came back to him.

"What's that?"

"A tea bar I used to frequent on my days off in London. On Thursday they held a masterclass in which you could taste the world's most exquisite teas. They were...." He paused, closed his eyes, imagining the bouquets washing over his tongue. How wonderful it all tasted at home. Here, in the dense stillness of this alien world, even his luxurious oolong tasted a bit dry and dull.

"Why are you here, Peter?" the boy whispered. It was something they never discussed, and the boy released the words as if he knew they were poison.

_scratch _... _scratch-scratch_....

Franklin gazed at him for a moment. "I served a very rich family at home. One of the very finest families of England." He paused, swallowed hard. "One day, the young master, their little boy, not much older than you, turned up in their swimming pool."

"Dead?"

"Yes, my boy, dead. It had been no accident. The lady of the house, the boy's mother, had been very sick, you see. Unwell ... mentally. This was a very, very important family, and it was decided that someone else needed to take the blame for the boy's death. And I no longer wanted to live on a planet where a baby could--" his voice choked off and he stopped. _Never let them see_.

"Am I a prisoner like you?"

Franklin frowned at the boy. "Never in life, my boy; you were born here. You are a victim of your circumstances." His face softened and he smiled. "I was going to wait to tell you ... when the next supply ship arrives, I had arranged for your return to earth. If you should wish it, of course."

The boy's face lit in a way that did Franklin's heart more good than he could have ever imagined. "Really?"

"Really. It will be another seven years or more, but I quite thought that--"

_scratch-scratch_ ... _SCRATCH_.... 

The boy's face darkened again. "It's okay. I'd miss my mom and dad. I'd miss you. It's not fair that we're here, but we're here together."

"My boy, I would certainly miss you, too."

A tone sounded softly from beside them. Franklin glanced at his console, saw that he had a communication from Earth, and momentarily considered ignoring it. He did not want to speak to Pammie in his last moments. Against his better judgment, he answered the call. The screen flickered with an image of a burly man in a yellow polo that matched Pammie's.

"Mr. Franklin," the man said, "could you reactivate your console, please?"

Franklin did so, watching as the monitors and touch screens powered up one by one. He was horrified to see how the creatures were surrounding the estate, their tails lashing at the outsides of the pods, claws snapping in the red night. The boy gasped beside him.

"Very good, sir," the man said. "Now would you mind running a cycle of all electrical suppressors for me?"

Franklin tapped the control panel, and although the cycle was silent, the creatures immediately scattered and clawed their way back under the red sand, back to hell where they belonged. For now. Franklin released a maniacal laugh of relief.

"Thank you, sir," the technician said. "Is there anything else I can do for you today?"

"Yes," Franklin answered, leaning closer to the screen. "If you wouldn't mind, please get us the fuck out of here."

Behind him, the boy giggled.

"Peter, I like the way you speak."

****